note: more features will still be added to pages that you have already 
    created as we progress, keep that in mind. 

@. login page should include links for forget password


@. user profile dashboard 
    the user has the following features: 
    email, first name, last name, username, date of birth, link
    for password reset, info link department, collage reg number
    and other info for now. would also include a settings sections
    where users can choice which of their details can be marked as 
    public or private, lists of groups they are members of, users that
    they have blocked, etc 


@. user profile update view if someone wants up date their profile wants 
    update their profile info. This would likely be similiar to the profile 
    dashboard but would be like a form for updating whatever they like except
    their password


@. blog home page. this would have a list of highly rated posts


@. blog post detail page. this would contain the details of a post, time, 
    category pictures, content, voting, comment and the likes. also a link to 
    the author blog page


@. Author blog page. this would content brief details about the author of 
    the post and a list of other post by the same author. and a link to the 
    author's main profile


@. A detailed accordion page, that would have a section for the departments 
    and the courses offered in the school. the default page for departments
    would be about the school while the default page for courses can be 
    a general summary of all the courses in the school and how lectures are 
    handled in the school
    if a user clicks on the school, it shows a list of colleges and when they 
    click on it collage it shows a list of the departments under that collage
    under department we could see a list of the levels and under each level, 
    basic course rep info and a link list of all the courses for that level. 
    Detail pages for the department and collages would include detail about 
    them, their location, offices, contact, and other details

@. an inbox page for a user to view their sent and received messages, groups
    messsages and important messages. messages would have read and unread, 
    etc.